Heyy guys........Hello All. Happy to share my Second task in CodSoft under the domain UI/UX Design 
Task : 2 *Email Template:

An email template is a pre-designed email that can be used to send out 
marketing or promotional emails. The goal of a good email template is to make it easy and quick for businesses to send out emails that look professional and engaging.

A good email template should be:
1.Visually appealing
2.Easy to use
3.Responsive
UI (User Interface) is all about the look and feel of a product or service. It's the visual language that users interact with, and it should be both aesthetically pleasing and easy to use.

 UX (User Experience) is the broader concept of how a user feels when interacting with a product or service.

How would you describe a UI UX designer?

UX / UI designers participate in both the design thinking process and execute a visual product. Therefore, they need a range of technical skills like UX research, wireframing and prototyping, interaction design, visual communication, and information architecture.
 
Email Template:
 An email template is a pre-defined email layout, that may already include content like images or text. Rather than create a new email from scratch each time, you can use a template as a base. Templates are also handy for making sure email designs follow brand guidelines.
Email templates are pre-written messages that you can use to communicate with your clients, customers, or colleagues. They can save you time, improve your consistency, and enhance your professionalism.

An email layout is the arrangement of images, content, CTA buttons, etc., in an email.in order to guide the viewer through the email and show them what they should see in order. Let's take the email below as an example: all the information in the email is placed in a readable way, and the call-to-action is clear.
Electronic mail (e-mail) is a computer-based application for the exchange of messages between users. A worldwide e-mail network allows people to exchange e-mail messages very quickly.
Email is a communication system that internet users can employ to convey information and learn more about things in which they're interested. These are some reasons email is important: Widespread usage: Email is important because many people may use it daily to communicate with others and learn more about businesses.

Here, I had created a figma model for the mobile signup flow for Email Template for new arrival product design.Thanks for ur time,Kepp supporting.



CodSoft Virtual Internships Career Growth Figma UI/UX Designing



Thanks regards,
Akshaya Ravichandran,
B.Tech Csbs
RMDEC.

Linkedin : https://www.linkedin.com/posts/akshaya-ravichandran-642906267_heyy-guyshello-all-happy-to-share-activity-7210637345870475265-KEmw?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop
